When he was young, David loved God.
He prayed to him and sang him songs.
His God looked down, heard him sing;
Then He chose him to be king.
He faced a bear and a lion with its claws.
He was not scared because
David—David—trusted in his God.
Jehovah saved him and helped him all along.
I will pray ev’ry day just like David did.
Iʼll remember Jehovah and trust in Him.
As he got older, enemies came.
They made fun of Jehovahʼs name.
When David heard what they had said
About Jehovah, his Friend,
A giant fell from Davidʼs single stone.
He knew he was never alone.
David—David trusted in his God.
Jehovah saved him and helped him all along.
I will pray ev’ry day just like David did.
Iʼll remember Jehovah and trust in Him.